Long Time ago, people lived in harmony with their environment.
This centuries-long harmony was abrubtly interrupted after a being,
which was named Time Stealer, appeared out of nowhere.
The Time Stealer was able to turn off the Time Relics of the world and thus freeze Time.
Fortunately, at that Time, there lived a hero named Alex, who had the ability
to move in the Time Frozen Zone and was part of the country's army.

Alex: Zehotath, we are here to kill you! We have come a very long way and we are ready!
Zehotath: We'll see about that, you nothing of a human!

The beginning of the chaos started by a trap for the royal army, which put them in the Time Frozen Zone.
Afraid and worried about his family because of the Time Frozen Zones, Alex went back to his home village. Arrived there
he discovers that Time was frozen as well. Since Alex knows the way to the Time Relic, he immediately continues his travels.

How should Alex travel to the Time Relic?
	1 - Through the undergrowth of the forest.
	2 - Across the main road which was used by merchants.
	3 - Across the open field.
	
1 and 2: Alex arrives unharmed in the town where the Time Relic is located.
3: Due to the lack of cover, Alex is perceived in the distance by a creature which ,at the moment of his arrival in the city, 
is flies away carrying the Time Relic. Alex then falls to his knees in grief at not being able to immediately save his family 
and travels to the next Time Relic.

After 1 and 2: In the city, many people can be seen who have experienced a normal everyday life and now stand frozen in the 
area. Now Alex has to get to the building in which the Time Relic is located.

How should Alex get to the building?
	1 - Via the main street, which is full of people.
	2 - Through the dark side streets.
	3 - Through the sewers.
	
Arriving in front of the building, Alex sees a small boy aiming a slingshot at the entrance of the building,
whose gates are wide open. Due to his military training, Alex knows immediately that there must be an enemy in the building. 
As he enters the Hall of the Time Relic, he sees a creature scurrying around the Time Relic. It has similarity to
a tenkal of an octupus and holds a hammer and chisel in its "hands". 

How should Alex react to the creature?
	1 - Charge directly at the creature and try to kill it.
	2 - Throw a stone at the wall to distract the creature.
	3 - Yell "I'll kill you!" full of hate.
	
1 and 3: Alex attracts the creature's attention and is attacked by it before he is able to reach the creature himself. 
The creature's hit is so severe that Alex collapses unconscious on the floor. When he wakes up again, the creature is
no longer visible and the Time Relic has disappeared. After a short mourning because of the missed opportunity 
Alex sets off for the next Time Relic.
2: The creature hears the noise and leaves the Time Relic.

How should Alex use the distraction?
	1 - Use Time to reactivate the Time Relic.
	2 - Hit the creature hard from behind.
	
1: Alex does not have enough Time to reactivate the Time Relic and attracts the creature's attention. He is attacked by it 
before he can reach the creature himself. The hit of the creature is so severe that Alex 
collapses unconscious on the floor. When he wakes up again, the creature is no longer visible and the Time Relic
has disappeared. After a short mourning because of the missed chance Alex sets off for the next Time Relic.
2: Alex is able to knock the creature unconscious by a heavy hit on the creature's eye. After that he has enough Time to 
reactivate the Time Relic again and reattach it. After the Time Relic is activated again, the Time
thaws again and the people can move again. When Alex steps out of the hall into the open air again, there is a large 
crowd of people celebrating him for their rescue. The little boy from earlier is also in the front row. At the 
moment Alex wants to move on, the boy speaks to him.

David: My name is David and I saw the creature you fought when I was playing with other children outside the gates of the Time Relic Hall. 
I tried to stop it, but I didn't succeed.
Alex: Your courage helped me, though.
David: Really?? How exactly???
Alex: You used to draw my attention that there could be an opponent in the hall.
David: Oh okay.
Alex: I have to move on quickly to rescue the other Time Relics so we can put an end to this chaos.
David: I'll go with you and help you eliminate those monsters.
Alex: But you are so young, what about your parents or relatives?
David: They... don't exist anymore. I am all I have!
Alex: In that case, join me if you like.
David: Yay!

David joins Alex's group and the group heads to the next Time Relic.